Uninstall and Remove All Built-in Apps in Windows 10

https://www.askvg.com/guide-how-to-remove-all-built-in-apps-in-windows-10/#:~:text=Now%20press%20Ctrl%2BShift%2BEnter,%22Run%20as%20Administrator%22%20option.&text=You%20can%20take%20help%20of,in%20apps%20in%20Windows%2010.


get-appxpackage -allusers *3dbuilder* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *appconnector* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *appinstaller* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *communicationsapps* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *camera* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *feedback* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *officehub* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *getstarted* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *skypeapp* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *zunemusic* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *zune* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *maps* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *messaging* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *solitaire* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *wallet* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *connectivitystore* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *bingfinance* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *bing* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *zunevideo* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *bingnews* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *onenote* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *oneconnect* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *mspaint* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *people* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *commsphone* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *windowsphone* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *phone* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *photos* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *bingsports* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *sway* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *3d* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *bingweather* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *holographic* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *windowsstore* | remove-appxpackage
get-appxpackage -allusers *xbox* | remove-appxpackage
